Implement ability to join related tables (#1)
DivineOmega/laravel-omega-search: README.md

The related models can then be retrieved (`->get()`) or 
paginated (`->paginate()`) as required.

## Joining Tables

> If you want to used joined tables to search your model simply override the `getOmegaSearchTablesToJoin` on your model and return an array of `OmegaSearchJoins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to search the content of related tables, you can use joins. Simply override the `getOmegaSearchTablesToJoin` on your model and return an array of `OmegaSearchJoins`.
```

There are two ways to define joins. The first way is to call the `OmegaSearchJoin::joinTableByForeignKey` method. You have to pass the local table name and joined table name to this method.

By default the key on the joined table will be the joined table name singularised with `_id` appended and the key on the local table will `id`. These can be set manually using the 3rd and 4th parameter for this method.

See below for an example:
```php
    public function getOmegaSearchTablesToJoin()
    {
        return [
            OmegaSearchJoin::joinTableByForeignKey($this->getTable(), 'divisions'),
        ];
    }
```

or

```php
    public function getOmegaSearchTablesToJoin()
    {
        return [
            OmegaSearchJoin::joinTableByForeignKey($this->getTable(), 'divisions', 'id', 'division_id),
        ];
    }
```

You can chain joins as seen below:

```php
    public function getOmegaSearchTablesToJoin()
    {
        return [
            OmegaSearchJoin::joinTableByForeignKey($this->getTable(), 'divisions'),
            OmegaSearchJoin::joinTableByForeignKey('divisions', 'companies', 'id', 'company_id')
        ];
    }
```

##### Join Manually

> If you want to join tables that are not just linked by related keys you can manually add conditions to a join. To do this create a `new OmegaSearchJoin` and call the `addCondition` method to add your conditions. You must specify the local table name and the joined table name in the constructor. Optionally you can specify the join type, the default is `JOIN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to join tables that are not just linked by related keys you can manually add conditions to a join. To do this create a new `OmegaSearchJoin` object and call the `addCondition` method to add your conditions. You must specify the local table name and the joined table name in the constructor. Optionally you can specify the join type, the default is `JOIN`
```
